terraform-plan: add page (#7406)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/terraform-plan.md

# terraform plan

> > Generate and show an execution plan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Generate and show Terraform execution plans.
```

> More information: <https://www.terraform.io/docs/cli/commands/plan.html>.

> - Generate and show an execution plan:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Generate and show the execution plan in the current directory:
```

> - Generate and show the execution plan in the currently directory;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Generate and show the execution plan in the currently directory:
```

`terraform plan`

> - Destroy mode - Show plan to destroy all remote objects that currently exist:

Reviewer: I don't exactly understand what this does, but is this still correct?
```suggestion
- Show a plan to destroy all remote objects that currently exist:
```

Author: Yes, it's almost right.

`terraform plan -destroy`

> - Refresh-only mode - Show plan to update the Terraform state and output values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Show a plan to update the Terraform state and output values:
```

`terraform plan -refresh-only`

- Specify values for input variables:

> `terraform plan -var 'name=value'`

Reviewer: The `{{}}` will hightlight arguments. Also, can you specify mutliple pairs like this?
```suggestion
`terraform plan -var '{{name1}}={{value1}}' '{{name2}}={{value2}}'`
```

Author: Thank you for reviewing.
`-var` accepts only one argument. If you want to pass several arguments, do like this.

```bash
terraform plan -var '{{name1=value1}}' -var '{{name2=value2}}'
```

I'll fix it as above.

> `terraform plan -var '{{name1=value1}}' -var '{{name2=value2}}'`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`terraform plan -var '{{name1}}={{value1}}' -var '{{name2}}={{value2}}'`
```
In this case we don't put the `=` in token syntax, because it is nothing the user can change

Author: Thanks @marchersimon 
I'll fix it and wait for another approval👍

- Focus Terraform's attention on only a subset of resources:

> `terraform plan -target resource_type.resource_name[instance index]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`terraform plan -target {{resource_type.resource_name[instance index]}}`
```

> - Output with JSON:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Output a plan as JSON:
```

`terraform plan -json`

> - Output plan to specific file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Write a plan to a specific file:
```

> `terraform plan -no-color >> plan.txt`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`terraform plan -no-color > {{path/to/file}}`
```
`>>` appends to a file, `>` overwrites it. I assume you meant to overwrite it.

> `terraform plan -no-color > {{path/to/file}}'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`terraform plan -no-color > {{path/to/file}}`
```
